he has hello what are you doing here
I consider which is faster than the towers
collected bay
I also want to see all the pictures we are with
friends decided to see everything all
pictures that managed to do if
dyshekov
and to make it more fun I will
ask them questions and not show in
answer pictures one of the pictures shed
two others no help me decide which
from the pictures the right thing we see on
the sky
before hearing a gram
I think it goes on
we call these numbers arabic
that's the answer exactly so well let's
let's continue
i have the next question on this
can I go go
this picture is correct until
keep on turning it snow when
melts e given is water well let's
let's continue
I have the next question you need
blind
only in winter
here is the answer go on
what shape does our land have
this picture is yen
right let's continue
I have the next question that falls
from the sky in winter when it is very cold i think
this is exactly so we continue which of these
animals live longer than others
here it is like a view
yes well let's continue
I have the next question what is he
never hot summer
these are pictures of a vein
for sure you even have this animal the biggest
from living on earth
poor
this
exactly so but let's continue
I have the next question is
appears on the windows when it's cold
This is the answer of the year.
the most voracious in the world
this pictures is drunk right
on the liver we still have pictures
It turned out not in vain, we tried so hard and
useful as it turned out